What are you doing? Are you insane?!
All I have to do is disappear.
Then it'll all be over!
I want to die! Why are you stopping me?
Why are you doing this to me?
What do you want to know?
You.
I want to know more about you.
I can't get her off my mind.
EPISODE 5
Mr. Do Eun-hyuk.
We need to talk.
I have nothing else to say.
I'm hanging up now.
I wonder how far
a string of bad luck can go.
A work colleague.
A significant other.
And even your parents.
SALES CONSIGNMENT PROPOSAL
STRATEGIC OVERVIEW:
6-WEEK EXECUTION ROADMAP
MARKET POSITIONING:
RISK MANAGEMENT & PARTNERSHIP STRATEGY
You won't find
a better proposal than this.
We understand your concern
since a Stiller is too exclusive
to sell easily,
but we'll guarantee the winning bid,
even if we have to put in
one of our own bidders.
What will happen to Ms. Han
if I consign it to you?
As you know,
she's been rather problematic these days.
She won't be around much longer anyway,
so you should do business with someone
who'll be around for the long run.
Oh, I see.
You're using this opportunity
to bring her down completely.
Well, that's just how it works
in the professional world.
That sounds brutal.
Maybe this is why she agreed to my terms.
Oh, dear.
It seems I've double-booked our meetings.
Since we're here…
should we sort things out?
We're preparing a new venture
that uses fintech
to facilitate joint purchases of artwork.
BUSINESS PLAN
YOUR ARTWORK
We needed an expert
to advise us on the lineup,
and Ms. Han agreed to take on that role.
Chair Kim also encouraged me
to do my best.
I need to return the favor,
so I'm sure you understand my position.
Yes, sure.
How dare those bastards team up
to screw me over?
If I'm being honest with you,
I'd like to see you involved
in more than an advisory role.
How would you feel
about taking on the role of CEO
of Your Artwork?
Thank you for the offer,
but I have something important to do
at Royal Auction.
I'll give you 5% in stock options
and double your current salary.
I wouldn't switch jobs just for the money.
So it's not about money or prestige.
Then what exactly
is your goal?
It was widely known as
the Cheongun family fire fatality case.
Han Seol-ah was the only one who survived.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Hello.
Do you remember anything?
Oh, this incident.
-There was a huge fire.
-Do you know where it happened?
I thought you weren't coming.
I knew you'd be stirring up
the whole neighborhood.
Do you have any idea
how hard Seol-ah has worked all this time
to be forgotten?
Digging up the past like this
is torture for her.
Then you tell me yourself.
I'm not talking about old news articles
or what neighbors vaguely recall.
Tell me what you know.
I don't want to torment her either.
Take a seat.
It's ginger tea.
Your body starts to get stiff
after being in cold water for a while,
so I drink this out of habit now.
Mr. Han was a poor artist…
who spent all his time painting
in a cramped, back room.
He was struggling so much
that he had to turn to loan sharks.
Please, I'm begging you. Don't do this.
Did you think
we wouldn't find you if you ran away?
Please, sir, I'm begging you.
No!
Please don't touch our child!
I'll take the punishment!
Take it out on me!
I said take it out on me!
-Please stop! No!
-Take it out on me!
She didn't cry.
She took it
without screaming once.
My teeth almost shattered
from clenching so hard…
while I watched from outside.
But Seol-ah…
just took it.
The fire broke out shortly after that.
I guess Mr. Han
thought it'd be best to die together.
So only the child survived.
It wouldn't have felt like living for her.
Not after seeing her parents
burn to death right before her eyes.
So you couldn't turn your back on her.
Is that when you started
looking out for her?
What a touching friendship.
Or…
should I call it love?
Don't act as if you know
what we've been through.
Our relationship
is more than just friendship or love.
Let's end this here.
Stop misunderstanding Seol-ah
and bothering her.
The Emil Stiller has been selected
as the main lot.
The Stiller?
Are we about to see the highest bid ever?
Of course.
Good things come to those
who put their heart and soul into it.
That must be why
good paintings always seem to come to you.
Sincerity…
accumulates in every way.
I'm not satisfied yet.
There's still a long way to go.
You should get back to work.
Yes, ma'am.
How distracting.
Oh, life
Running through
The vast, desolate wilderness
I'll have a glass of this.
Mind if I join?
Now that you know
what happened to her parents,
I guess there's nothing else to hide.
Yes, that's when Seol-ah
came to stay at our place.
We went to the same
middle and high school,
and even though I messed up
the college entrance exam
and couldn't go to college,
I've been looking out for her ever since.
So, we're more than just ordinary friends.
You two must be very close.
I'd like to think so,
but she doesn't really open up.
Maybe it's because she's been hurt a lot,
but all she knows is how to hide
her sadness and pain.
That's why people often misunderstand her.
Mr. Do Eun-hyuk said the same thing
and told me to stop bothering her.
Seol-ah doesn't have it in her
to commit insurance fraud.
She became an orphan at 15 years old,
her first love died in an accident,
and she even went to a mental clinic…
Did she have a hard time
after Mr. Lee Su-ho's accident?
She's been on medication since then,
and now her tears and emotions
have all but disappeared.
That poor thing.
She has the worst luck.
By the way,
why did you open a bar
right next to Royal Auction?
Sorry?
I figured I could supply them alcohol,
make some connections,
and maybe even meet a decent man
in the process…
Why am I telling you all this?
You must've been hungry.
I'll bring you some more snacks.
I didn't eat anything.
All I have to do is disappear.
Then it'll all be over!
I don't care!
I want to die! Why are you stopping me?
HAN SEOL-AH(38).M4A
Pulling another all-nighter?
I can't sleep when I'm at home anyway.
This artist's work scares me
because of its hyperrealism.
That's why I'm looking at it.
Facing the horror of reality
makes it feel like
things can't get any worse.
Whenever I go to sleep,
I dream about that day…
at the dock
when I saw him for the last time.
It's even scarier
when I wake up and realize
it really happened.
What can I do for you, Seol-ah?
Why don't you take a break?
Or what if Suk-ji and I stayed with you?
I'll let you know if it gets too hard.
It's frustrating
because the only thing I can do
is just be here for you.
That's how I'm holding on.
I can keep going
because someone like you
is by my side.
Isn't she cold?
What am I even doing?
CAPTURING LIGHT:
KIM JOON-YOUNG SPECIAL EXHIBITION
THIS WORK CAPTURES THE COLORS OF THE
SUNSET IN GLASS AS THE SEASON DEEPENS
THIS GLASS SCULPTURE EVOKES A SINGLE BLOOM
EMERGING IN THE STILLNESS OF NIGHT
-What was that?
-Oh, my gosh!
-Now what?
-What are we going to?
I'm sorry. It slipped through my hands.
Are you hurt?
No.
But this…
This is the main piece.
What are we going to do?
The exhibition is in two days.
You've got to be kidding me!
How are you going to
take responsibility for this?
Do you have any idea how much this costs?!
Na-hee.
I'm sorry, Ms. Han.
Make sure the area is secured
and file an insurance claim.
Yes, ma'am.
Ms. Do Eun-hye, I need a word with you.
That was an accident, right?
Think whatever you want.
Did you do it on purpose?
You're suspicious,
but you have no evidence.
Frustrating, isn't it?
I feel the same way.
Someone killed Seung-jae and Ms. Kim,
but there's no evidence.
You're delusional, aren't you?
What?
Delusional?
I don't care if you report me
or tip someone off about me.
But this?
This is wrong.
How could someone who studied art
do such a thing?
We need to treat and handle artworks
as if they were our lives.
How can you call yourself a specialist
when you don't have the slightest respect?
Think about
whether you truly deserve that title.
Then go ahead and fire me.
We deeply apologize, Artist Kim.
We'll even postpone the schedule to--
Artist Kim?
Sir?
I checked the CCTV footage.
I'll go ahead and file the claim.
Okay, I'll leave it to you.
Can we talk?
I don't have time. This is an emergency.
Off to handle the issue?
If you know, please step aside.
Since we're both busy,
let's talk on our way there.
What is it?
You…
You told me to screw over Ms. Han.
But I never said to ruin the exhibition!
You've got more guts than I thought, huh?
In any case,
I did as you asked,
so I'll be a full-time employee, right?
How long have you been interning again?
It'll be six months next month.
Okay, fine.
But don't try to coast by
and do exactly as I say from now on.
Okay.
By the way…
By the way what?
If I happen to get fired,
I'm not going down alone.
How in the world did people like that
make it into every level of our company?!
Damn it!
GANGHA POLICE STATION
YOON SEUNG-JAE
35 YEARS OLD, RESTAURANT CEO
HAN SEOL-AH'S FIANCÉ
DEATH BY DROWNING
CHOI YOUNG-HO
SUICIDE
LEE SU-HO
ACCIDENT
What are you going to do
about a closed case?
These three men
follow the exact same pattern.
Can you really call it a coincidence?
Well, in any case,
Han Seol-ah didn't kill Kim Yun-ji.
What if she had an accomplice?
We only focused on Han Seol-ah
when we reviewed the CCTV
and dashcam footage.
There's definitely something
we overlooked.
It was Do Eun-hye who broke it.
Are you sure it wasn't intentional?
These things happen from time to time.
It was just an accident.
Do you always suspect everything first?
Yes.
You can be suspicious all you want,
but I won't put up with
you crossing the line.
What line?
Luen Palace.
So?
Could you see me well?
How long have you known?
LEASE SIGNING FOR LUEN PALACE UNIT 702
Have you been
watching me from there all along?
I was following Kim Yun-ji's trail.
Wait, so you knew about
the studio apartment?
I saw you exiting that building.
And you figured it out just from that?
My deepest apologies, sir.
It's all my fault.
But if you could just reconsider…
Just go announce
that the exhibition is canceled.
Fire it up.
I know you're the last person
who would want to give up.
We still have time to--
You can never make the same piece
with glass.
Each piece takes on a life of its own.
But it's Twilight Blue.
As the sun sets, doesn't the sky change
from one moment to the next?
What if the color doesn't turn out right?
Then I'll take full responsibility
and cancel the exhibition.
I'll assist you all night if necessary.
Please, sir.
There's cobalt and gold ruby in the back.
Go get it.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Was it really necessary
to get on your knees?
The insurance would've covered it.
An artist sees their artwork
as their child.
He lost something
he poured his heart and sweat into.
So what good is a payout?
Do you think money
will make that pain go away?
Here, Artist Kim.
Okay.
Please bring me that sack.
I'll go buy some coffee.
Can you give me a hand? Just pour it in.
Okay.
Torch it.
How are you feeling?
Are you okay?
I'm okay now.
Jeez.
I can't figure you out.
One minute you're ready to let it all go,
and the next, you refuse to give up.
Sometimes, you seem strong,
but other times,
you barely seem to be holding on.
So…
do you feel sorry for me?
At first,
I thought you were after the payout.
I even wondered
if you just wanted
those men dead.
But now…
I wonder if you're just a victim,
and I'm just putting you
through a hard time.
I can't help but feel guilty.
So I need to know…
why all this misfortune
keeps happening to you.
You said
there's no such thing
as a third coincidence.
That's when I clearly felt
that something was off.
Are you saying
someone deliberately targeted your men
and killed them?
Maybe?
Does anything come to mind?
I need to know in order to help you.
Do you…
really believe me?
I want to take a chance.
I want to…
believe you.
Cha Woo-seok.
The phone you are trying to reach
is turned off. You will be directed to--
What's going on?
I can't reach him, and he's not home.
KIM YUN-JI
AUCTIONEER AT ROYAL AUCTION
BURNER PHONE
HAN SEOL-AH(34).M4A
I don't have the right to fall apart.
Because I survived…
instead of my parents.
Just cry it out.
Are you on a stakeout nearby again?
Sorry for coming in when you weren't home.
What's with the apology? It's nothing new.
I thought you said
you were going to Royal Auction.
And why was your phone turned off?
I had to go out of town
and forgot to charge my phone.
With Han Seol-ah?
Yeah.
I think there's a chance
the culprit is someone close to her…
You feel bad for her, don't you?
What?
I bet you felt sympathy
while listening to this.
"It must've been so painful
and difficult for her."
"What if she's not the culprit?"
Then you got obsessed.
Obsessed?
I just want to know the truth.
Do you know why
you're so intent on looking for the truth?
It's because
you're hoping she isn't the culprit.
This counts as destruction of evidence.
It's obstruction of justice.
I can't let this slide.
I'm handling this by the book.
HAN SEOL-AH
Are you saying
someone deliberately targeted your men
and killed them?
If you love Han Seol-ah, you die.
YOON SEUNG-JAE
CHOI YOUNG-HO
LEE SU-HO
Her new man
will die as well.
But that man…
can find out the truth.
Take a look at this.
This footage is from the CCTV
near Royal Auction.
Judging by this angle,
it seems he was recording the rooftop.
We need to find this person.
Good thinking, Ggong.
Look at this.
CAPTURING LIGHT:
KIM JOON-YOUNG SPECIAL EXHIBITION
Artist Kim asked us
to display the glass fragments
as an artwork.
And he said there's no need
for an insurance claim either.
He said he wanted to show
that light can't be trapped.
Thank you
for that day.
By the way,
I've been thinking.
If what you say is true,
it means there's a culprit
who specifically targeted those men.
It's probably someone who knows me well.
Every crime has a motive.
What's their goal?
My unhappiness?
There's only one thing to do.
Han Seol-ah…
will have a new man.
If the culprit thinks I'm your man,
I'll either die…
or find out who the real culprit is.
Let's give it a shot.
Do you mean it?
I'm curious.
I'm curious to see the look on your face
when you learn the truth.
Ms. Han has arrived.
Welcome.
Thank you for inviting me, Mr. Paek.
You even came in person.
I'm touched.
Not at all.
Thank you for this opportunity.
I apologize for being late.
I'm Cha Woo-seok,
the insurance account manager
for Royal Auction.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Paek Jun-beom.
I see you're left-handed.
Oh, I use it out of habit.
I like the left hand too
because it's closer to the heart.
Once that wall is empty,
it'll seem a bit bleak.
Emptying it
gives you a chance
to welcome something new.
That being said, I've taken the liberty
of selecting a few pieces
as alternatives.
No commission fee, of course.
As expected.
You're good at choosing artwork
and reading people.
This is going to take a while.
How about a glass of wine?
The Stiller
has well-established provenance,
so is there a reason
the insurance company is reviewing it?
It's such a high-value piece
that we need to follow certain protocols.
To be honest,
I'm rather suspicious by nature.
Insurance can turn both art and human life
into money.
And I've seen too many people
give up their humanity for it.
People change when money is involved.
I'm not sure.
Maybe they're only seeing it
by their own standards.
Anyway, it's a shame
that you can't trust people.
Don't you feel lonely?
I just trust whoever I want.
I don't scheme or calculate.
I just follow my heart.
I noticed this logo on his business card.
Does it have a special meaning?
I'm not sure, but Mr. Yoon liked it.
Dig up anything you can find
on Paek Jun-beom.
Sir?
Hello?
Damn it,
it's not like I dig things up for free.
This damn scumbag
never gives me expenses--
MESSAGE
DEPOSIT: 1,000,000 WON
CHA WOO-SEOK
He sure is different from those scumbags.
Paek Jun-beom, huh?
Got it.
It's finally sinking in.
Do you feel empty?
Yes, but relieved as well.
That piece
found its way to me for this very moment.
I think
it was meant to bring us together.
My feelings for you are so genuine
that I was willing to give up the Stiller.
I don't expect an answer right now.
I just wanted to tell you
before it was too late.
It's late.
We need to process the piece.
This is an important business deal for me.
Wasn't I supposed to be your next man?
I didn't know I had to wait in line.
Don't just jump to conclusions.
If that's not it,
then why were you feeling him out?
Did it seem like he knew you too well?
Are you suspicious of him?
Then let's confirm your suspicion.
If we're going to do it,
let's do it right.
We made the first move,
so let's see how he reacts.
Can we make the red bit lighter?
Eun-hyuk, let's get a shot
without cropping the frame on either side.
What is it?
Why meet in the conference room?
A company that's been shut down
doesn't keep its data.
I need your help.
ELECTRONIC RECORDS FOR GW LIFE INSURANCE
DO NOT EXIST DUE TO ITS BANKRUPTCY
I get it.
An SIU investigator
can't ignore something like this.
-Thank you. I'll be right out.
-Okay.
I think there's a chance
the culprit is someone close to her--
Do you know why
you're so intent on looking for the truth?
It's because
you're hoping she isn't the culprit.
What?
NONGHYUP LIFE INSURANCE
What is it?
Well…
here's what you asked for.
Just take a look.
They're old records,
so I barely managed to find them.
What's going on?
I think he got stabbed in the back.
Here? Like this?
No.
Like this.
This was recorded by a witness
who was at the scene.
Did you catch that?
Near the rooftop.
Wait, is that…
There was someone else
on the rooftop.
What brings you here at this…
You discovered something else.
INSURANCE PAYOUT STATEMENT
Two months before the fire,
the artist took out
a life insurance policy,
and his daughter received the payout.
That money was used
to pay off the loan sharks.
It gets even more surprising from here.
The mother was also insured…
and the daughter received the payout.
POLICYHOLDER: PARK YUN-JEONG
BENEFICIARY: HAN SEOL-AH
The payout was a whopping 200 million won.
You knew your parents took out
life insurance policies, didn't you?
You were at the scene that day
and were the only survivor.
You're the only one…
who knows the truth.
Who started the fire?
Don't tell me…
That's right.
It was me.
I killed them.
It was as if you wanted me
to see the hidden truth.
It was my choice.
Are you sure your emotions
aren't keeping you from seeing the truth?
What if I'm concerned and not suspicious?
Did you follow me?
You wanted me to believe you.
Or was that not the case?
This is the person Ms. Kim Yun-ji
was last seen with that day.
If he's the one who killed those men,
there's only one reason.
He wants you.
Watch out!
I don't suspect you anymore.
In the end,
you won't find out anything.
Subtitle: Jenny Kim